# Ben

Ben,

Please excuse the generic card that was totally not purchased at target 36 hours ago and disregard completely incorrect
type of card...I hope the words within mean more than the card itself.

You are the oldest friend I have. If not for you, I don't think I would have ever met everyone else and I am certain I
would not be who I am today if not for you.

I know we don't talk as much as we used to; but I still think of you often and how you have silently shaped who I am.
Those years of MMOs, games, and outings really shaped me. All the trouble and near misses as kids have taught me
lifelong lessons. Watching you grow into a man as has shown me just how far either one of us has gone.

I can't believe you beat me to the actual marriage finishline. I'm glad you found someone who can appreciate you and the
person that you are and can't wait to celebrate yours in turn.

I'm not one for pretty words and am boarder line illiterate so this is my attempt to write something that states:

"Ben (or Biddy), I think you are an admirable person, and I am proud to call you my friend, and thank you for traveling
all this way to come to my wedding. I'm glad were friends and look forward to a lifetime of such as we grow old with our
partners".

Your Friend,

AJ (or AJ)

# Dan

Dan,

Yeah, I know. This is a very generic card that was purchased at target 36 hours ago. I'm not saying I am smooth brained
but, let's be honest. If it was not for Laura, I would have not realized I need to get you a card. I'm glad she did.

I always forget who I met first, you or Eric, but I know I won't forget the first time at Udall Park. Acting like
children playing pool loud and obnoxious. Glad we have grown up and can still be loud and obnoxious (albeit perhaps a
little less).

I'm glad we became friends, remained friends still friends, and still have you in my life. I feel like I get to talk to
you less often that I would like but, I want you to know that I believe you to be one of the kindest, most thoughtful
people I know. Like Laura, you are a planner and I know the effort you put in to make your friends lives filled with
fun. That is something I admire and appreciate.

Thank you for being such a good friend and for coming all this way to celebrate this day with me. I really does mean a
lot that you are here. Thank you and I hope you enjoy the small token of my appreciation.

Your Friend,

AJ

# Abby

Abby,

If you're wondering if this is a generic card purchased at the last minute you are correct. With that said, I
hope the words within mean more than the card itself.

Out of all my friends, the funny thing is I have probably 'known' of you the longest. I struggle to remember if it was
the asshole clarinet player (Ben) or that girl who was wearing that dress on picture day (You) that I noticed first.
Regardless, I'm glad to have you both in my life.

You are one of the most impressive people I have ever met. Truly, you are inspirational. I am sorry for all the years of
arguing for the sake of arguing with you. I have absolutely no idea how you put up with me, but I am glad you did.

You are one of the most genuine people I have ever met. The call you recently made to me stands testament to that fact.
It was appreciated (and needed) more than you may know. So thank you for that, thank you for being my friend all these
years, and thank you for coming to celebrate my wedding.

Your Friend,

AJ

# Eric

Eric,

Yes, this is some generic card that isn't even appropriate for the occasion. But is that really, surprising knowing me?

Writing a thank you for you is probably the hardest of all my friends. I may have not known you first, long, or earliest
in life, but you are the closest thing I have to a brother (and I have a brother).

There have just been so many things that we have gotten to experience together. All the firsts, lessons learned, and
drunken nights where filled with deep conversations about each other's lives. To enumerate them on this card would be
silly, but I am so truly grateful for all of them.

You're a pair of ears and a voice of reason when needed. A person that I can count on and for that I am so thankful.

So, on this day, I want to thank you for being my friend and for coming to celebrate this day with me. It really does
mean a lot to me. Thank you.

Your Friend,

AJ
